Hm...I never really had to think about who actually is being the curator of people paying others to work and put things up online, but given the amount of time, it honestly feels like everything is in this day and age. Companies, Museums, or anybody who sincerely just wants to document items online either for their own use or public knowledge. I never really put any thought into it, other than it being their obligation to the 'masses'. After reading the abstract of 'Making such a Bargain', I never really thought about it in that manner. 
I am a firm believer people who put in hard work should be paid in some manner, and just by today and doing all the work and such in Anaconda, these people are very skilled workers. The idea of people abusing the crowd-funding situation and being 'unethical' in some manner is kinda' disapointing to hear. 
I am pretty sure that Carleton has their own system for allowing respositories for getting such information, but I've never had to necessarily go into any of these respositories to download software and access information as most of my course has been through a textbook, other than searching for sources on the library page. As I am rather ignorant in the entirety of Digital History and the Carleton library methods, I actually do not know any barriers. Though if there are boundries, I am sure one of the people who work for the Carleton library are very helpful and can guide you in the right direction. Only issue I've ever occured in some form of a barrier was the restriction of certain reading material, as I needed to net through five different sites to obtain one set of a source so I could right a paper. 
To answer the last question regarding where do I fit in the digital history machine? Honestly, I'm not quite sure where I fit at all. I understand it's very complex work, and a very needed job. But I personally believe I'm just going to be a user of Digital History rather than a Digital Historian. 
