The start of week two was rather frustrating. I don't know if its due to the fact I am inept at Anconda or such. But as I was trying to get WGET to work, which I'll link a bunch of photos in the respository, it seems to drive me mad and made me take an hour and a half break as I had been trying to solve the situation for two already. 
For some reason, the commands didn't work without adding in the C:\ command in both the Powershell and normal Anaconda. I found out that was my main issue with the first hour of practice, but afterwards I got even more error messages which drove me up the wall. 
The first issue was the fact wget wasn't being able to found, but I got the C:\ command from my friend on Discord who was an IT student in America. I'd provide logs, but it was all done by voice rather than text. 
After moving on from that to the urls, I kept on getting an error for the Sublime Text document of urls.txt which continued to say that they couldn't find any URLS in the file. At this point, I was just rather demoralized and trying to figure it out. As you continued to highlight in the important text, I decided to move onto the API section.
That didn't turn out any better due to the fact it kept on providing an error that there was no such file in the directory, whilst I provide a picture to prove that it indeed is so. I've currently spent the last like four hours, ripping out my hair. So I'll work go over to the OCR section now.
Did that, I had a few errors which I will put into the directory. As I seemed to waste a lot of time upon Week 2, and spent almost 5 hours working on it. I decided it was time to focus on the Journal. I do not know if its a me error, or my PC just not being set up for Coding or whatever. But I am thoroughly confused.
